replace postgrest docker-compose with supabase (#5)
marmelab/connect-four-reboot-admin: README.md

- postgrest inside a docker, as a standalone web server that turns a PostgreSQL database directly into a RESTful API.
- postgrest with Supabase, an opensource Firebase alternative.

To run connect-four-reboot-admin, you have to run the both components.

The postgrest docker-compose contains two dockers:

- postgres
- postgrest

## Run the connect-four-reboot-admin api (postrgrest)

Copy the .env.sample file to create your development environment file .env
You have to configure the port, the username and password for the postgrest configuration.
Copy the .env.sample file to create your development environment file .env: if you use default configs, you just have to put your supabase anon key.

Then run:

```sh
make run-postgrest-docker
```

The docker start with an empty, ready to use, database.

You have to create the db tables runing:

```sh
make create-model
```

Next, you must generate fake data:

```sh
make populate-db
```

You can test the configuration runing:

```sh
make connect-db
```

If necessary, for dev purpose you have the ability to drop and recreate the
database with:

```sh
make drop-db
```

database with:

```sh
make create-db
```

tips:

> 

Reviewer: Love it! :heart:  So much easier :heart: 

Just a nitpick though, as Brenoit already told you, this command requires `make install` to have been executed first. So you should move `make install` upper in the Readme.

> Supbase start with a populate, ready to use database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Supbase starts with a populated, ready to use database.
```

Connect-four-reboot game administration using:

- react-admin as a frontEnd typescript app
- postgrest with Supabase, an opensource Firebase alternative.

To run connect-four-reboot-admin, you have to run the both components.

## Run the connect-four-reboot-admin api (postrgrest)

First install the app with :

```sh
make install
```

> Then, Copy the .env.sample file to create your development environment file .env: if you use default configs, you just have to put your supabase anon key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, copy the .env.sample file to create your development environment file .env.
```

(supabase anon key is provided now)

Now run:

```sh
make run
```

This command will start both components:

- Supbase with a populated, ready to use database
- react-admin front end vite server

If you want go into details, you have several goals in the makefile related to supabase. Please see [the makefile](makefile).

> ## Development connect-four-reboot-admin frontend

Reviewer: Do you still need this section?

Author: Yes. No ?

Reviewer: IMO no but it's no big deal. Let's ignore that for now.
